I am Zach Gotsch, and I have been in a funk recently. I was thinking in the
shower and I think I've figured out why. I've noticed a recent trend -- I have
been consuming WAY more media than I have been creating. One of my core
thoughts is that the act of creation, simply _making_ things, is one of
humanity's core desires -- I don't think a person can be truly happy without
it. I work on a lot of little projects, but I'm the kind of person who never
seems to finish things. Something that's incredibly inspiring to me one day can
be tiresome and arduous the next week. My consistent lack of following through
is really starting to wear on me, I want to look back on things I've made with
pride. I think this is why I've been rather miserable lately, but I have a plan.
It's called _making things_.

I've had a similar phrase stuck in my head for a few months, ever since I saw a
picture of it in the Exploratorium in San Francisco.

<it's called doing things picture>

(quick side note: if you've never been to the Exploratorium before and you ever
get the chance, I highly recommend it! It's a hands-on science museum with some
amazing exhibits. You can check out their website here:<link>) 

The poster immediately think of one of my friends: Brandon Curtis. The poster
reminds me of Brandon because he's constantly _doing_ things. He builds things
(like Lord Kelvin's Thunderstorm), learns things (like what's actually
happening when food ferments), and just _does_ things like nobody else I know.
He's an inspiration for me, and I always find myself making and doing things so
much more successfully when I am hanging out with him. (You should totally
check out his blog<link>.)

I think my amazing productivity when I'm with Brandon gives a hint at how I can
fix my productivity: a little social pressure. So here's the plan: I am going
to post once a day on this blog with something I've made or something I've been
working on making. With any luck, not wanting to disappoint you will keep me
making, and you'll be interested in the stuff I'm churning out. I've got a
plan: It's called making things.

P.S. Today I made this blog post and the site. I know it's just static html
right now, but I'm working on it :)
